Docs/grammarly check (#479)
chakra-ui/chakra-ui-vue: website/pages/textarea.mdx

## Event

| Name   | Description                                                    |
| ------ | -------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | change | Handles what happens when the content of the text area changes |

Reviewer: This should also be left as is because it's derived from the native `<textarea />` tag
```suggestion
| change | Handles what happens when the content of the textarea changes |
```
